[System.ClientModel] Add Logging (#45472)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/core/System.ClientModel/samples/Logging.md

```C# Snippet:LoggingRedactedHeaderILogger
using ILoggerFactory factory = LoggerFactory.Create(builder =>
{
    builder.AddConsole();
});

ClientLoggingOptions loggingOptions = new()
{
    LoggerFactory = factory
};
loggingOptions.AllowedHeaderNames.Add("Request-Id");
loggingOptions.AllowedQueryParameters.Add("api-version");

MapsClientOptions options = new()
{
    ClientLoggingOptions = loggingOptions
};
```

You can also disable redaction completely by adding a `"*"` to `ClientLoggingOptions.AllowedHeaderNames` or `ClientLoggingOptions.AllowedQueryParameters`.

```C# Snippet:LoggingAllRedactedHeadersILogger
using ILoggerFactory factory = LoggerFactory.Create(builder =>
{
    builder.AddConsole();
});

ClientLoggingOptions loggingOptions = new()
{
    LoggerFactory = factory
};
loggingOptions.AllowedHeaderNames.Add("*");
loggingOptions.AllowedQueryParameters.Add("*");

MapsClientOptions options = new()
{
    ClientLoggingOptions = loggingOptions
};
```

> By default, only URI and headers are logged. To enable content logging, set the logging level to `LogLevel.Debug` and set the `ClientLoggingOptions.EnableMessageContentLogging` client option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, only URI and header names are logged. To enable content logging, set the logging level to `LogLevel.Debug` and set the `ClientLoggingOptions.EnableMessageContentLogging` client option:
```
